about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Welcome to my professional website!

![](assets/ngc3311.jpg | width=100)

I am Carlos Eduardo Barbosa, a professional astronomer working in academic research in the field of Extragalactic Astronomy. I am currently a visiting research associate at the Steward Observatory, where I am studying ultra diffuse galaxies. I am also a post-doctoral fellow at the Institute of Astronomy, Geophysics and Atmospheric Sciences (IAG) at the University of São Paulo (USP), my alma matter. 

My current interest is the study of the stellar populations of nearby galaxies, which means, I love to study images and spectra of those beautiful galaxies and I try to learn something about their ages, chemical composition and dynamics. 

My main field of research is extragalactic astronomy, the study of galaxies other than our own. In particular, I have been studying the kinematics and the stellar populations of nearby galaxies using two-dimensional observations, including integral field spectroscopy, multi-object spectroscopy and photometry, aiming to understand the past and current states of galaxies, measure the chemical abundances of their  stars, and to connect these results in connection with models of galaxy evolution. My research interests also involve the use of novel techniques for data analysis, such as Machine Learning and Bayesian statistical modeling, to obtain deeper insights and to explore big data sets of astronomical surveys. 
| width=100
Please, feel free to give me ideas for post in my blog :)

Commit message:

Included more details about current work.

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Welcome!

I am Carlos Eduardo Barbosa, a professional astronomer working in academic research in the field of Extragalactic Astronomy. I am currently a visiting research associate at the Steward Observatory, where I am studying ultra diffuse galaxies. I am also a post-doctoral fellow at the Institute of Astronomy, Geophysics and Atmospheric Sciences (IAG) at the University of São Paulo (USP), my alma matter. 

My current interest is the study of the stellar populations of nearby galaxies, which means, I love to study images and spectra of those beautiful galaxies and I try to learn something about their ages, chemical composition and dynamics.In particular, during my PhD, I have focused in one galaxy -- NGC 3311 -- the largest galaxy in the image below, to understand how these kind of galaxies come to be. 

![](./assets/ngc3311.jpg | width=100)

However, I am also interested in other aspects of research, such as the development of techniques to improve our measurements of galaxy properties, and I am particularly interested in developing Bayesian methods to study galaxies. Here at Steward Observatory, I have been developing methods to study all kinds of galaxies, and this led me to study other, *much smaller* galaxies called ultra diffuse galaxies (UDGs). 

![](./assets/NGC_1052-DF2_a_ghostly_galaxy_lacking_dark_matter.jpg| width=100)

I plan to explain more about my works in future posts but please, feel free to give me ideas for post in my blog :)
